t **Azteca Social**

**Overview**

Azteca Social is a social media platform that allows users to connect with friends, share photos and videos, and stay up-to-date on current events. The platform is built using a variety of open-source technologies, including Django, PostgreSQL, and React.

**Getting Started**

To get started with Azteca Social, you will need to:

1. Clone the repository from GitHub:

```
git clone https://github.com/azteca-social/azteca-social.git
```

2. Create a virtual environment and install the required dependencies:

```
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Create a database and run the migrations:

```
createdb aztecaSocial
python manage.py migrate
```

4. Start the development server:

```
python manage.py runserver
```

**Database Configuration**

The database configuration is specified in the `DATABASE_URL` environment variable. By default, the platform will use a PostgreSQL database running on localhost. You can specify a different database by setting the `DATABASE_URL` environment variable to the appropriate value.

For example, to use a SQLite database, you would set the `DATABASE_URL` environment variable to `sqlite:///db.sqlite3`.

**Debug Mode**

The platform is configured to run in debug mode by default. This means that errors will be displayed in the browser and the platform will automatically reload when changes are made to the code.

To disable debug mode, set the `DEBUG` environment variable to `False`.

**Deployment**

To deploy Azteca Social, you can use a variety of methods, such as Heroku, AWS, or DigitalOcean.

For more information on deploying Django applications, please refer to the Django documentation.

**Contributing**

We welcome contributions from the community. If you would like to contribute to Azteca Social, please read the contributing guidelines.

**License**

Azteca Social is licensed under the MIT license.

Generated by [Homero]()
